Content

    About Me:
    Hello, my name is Matthew Cunkelman and this is v2 of my website.

    I originally set out to build and host a site when I was working in the Oil and Gas industry.
    I was curious to see what I could learn and figure out on my own.
    I started by researching and then building a computer with Linux Ubuntu operating system.
    After I had built a computer I wanted to know what else I could do, so I started looking into network configurations and converting this computer into a server.
    The more time I spent working on my computer and exploring
    (I have a Ubuntu install USB on my keychain because I had to wipe and start over so many times) the more I wanted to try.
    Knowing that anything I did I could undo
    (since this wan't my main or work computer, it had no critical files),
    encouraged me to try anything I wanted.
    Eventually I figured out how to host a live website, and I built a very simple site for myself.
    I managed to build the skills to change careers, and I am now an Autonomous Systems Engineer for Uber ATG.
    My site sat untouched for a while, while I pursued other learning opportunities.
    But now with some help I am rebuilding it to better showcase me, and the things I am passionate about.
    I am building out tabs for me, my career, my travel (and places I still want to travel) as well as some of my favorite recipes
    (I love to cook).
    Take a look around, and feel free to reach out if you have questions.

    I am utilizing GitHub to build this site and remotely push updates to my server, I also use Atom.io as my text editor.

    I do self host, so occasionally there will be some outages, but I try to limit them to a few minutes here and there.


Profile

    I am an engineer with over 8 years of professional experience between Autonomous Vehicles and the Oil and Gas industry.

    I have spent the majority of my career in the oil and gas industry,
    working as a Petroleum Engineer after obtaining a degree in Mechanical Engineering.
    After 7 years as a Petroleum Engineer, I transitioned again to being an Autonomous Systems Engineer for UBER ATG.
    Both transitions required adapting my existing skills as well as learning new ones.
    Creating v1 of this site, was a part of teaching myself some of those new skills.

    Throughout my career I have learned many new skills,
    some were directly necessary for my day to day tasks, while others branched far outside my roles expectations.
    I have had the privilege of working with a lot of unique people, with unique backgrounds and skill sets.
    I have tried to take advantage of this when I can, to learn as much as possible, and it has made me a more well rounded and resourceful person.


Career



Travel



Recipes
